[3399] multiple query requests are being fired (#3521)
GetStream/stream-chat-android: docusaurus/docs/Android/02-client/06-guides/08-optimizations.md

# Optimizations

> There are some optimizations in the SDK to avoid waste of resouces and improve performance. It is possible to configure it to disable or enabled then.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The SDK is optimized to avoid waste of resources and improve performance. You can freely choose which optimizations should be enabled or disabled.
```

## Mutiple Calls to API

> Prior to version 5.3.0, the SDK prevents the user from making multiple calls to the backend. If a call is already running, the SDK merges a new request into the current one and the data is propagated to both requesters of the `Call`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After version` 5.3.0`, the SDK prevents the user from making multiple calls to the backend. If a call is already running, the SDK merges a new request into the current one and the data is propagated to both requesters of the `Call`. 
```

> It possible to change the default behaviour and force calls to always make new requests to API and never merge two requests into one. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change the default behavior and force calls to always make new requests to API and never merge two requests into one by using:
```

> To disable this option, use the option: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

```
ChatClient.Builder.disableDistinctApiCalls()
```

> If you want to controll new requests to API in a more granular way, you can use the extension function:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to control new requests to API in a more granular way, you can use the extension function:
```
